1. What is React?
:- React is a front-end and open-source javascript library which is useful in developing single-page user interfaces. Under the hood,React uses Virtual DOM.
It follows the component-based approach.Components make your code more predictable and easier to debug.
React will efficiently update and render just the right components when your data changes.

2. What is the DOM?
:- DOM stands Document Object Model.The DOM represents an HTML document with a logical tree structure.
Each branch of the tree ends in a node, and each node contains objects.

3. What is Virtual DOM?
:- React keeps a lightweight representation of the Real DOM in the memory , is known as virtual DOM.
when the state of an object changes, the virtual DOM changes only that object in the real DOM,rather than 
updating all the objects.

4. what are the differences between virtual and real DOM?
:- Comparison                   Real DOM                             Virtual DOM
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Speed                  Slow                                       Faster
2. Memory                 Too much memory wasted                     No memory wastage
3. DOM manipulation       very expensive                             very easy
4. updation               Can directly update HTML                   Can't directly update HTML 
5. Creation               creates a new DOM if element updates       updates the JSX if element updates

5. When to use class component over a function component?
:- It is always recommended to use functional component ,unless you need a react functionality whose
function component equivalent is not present yet,like Error Boundaries.

6. How to pass data from one component to another component?
:- Parent to child:- with the help of props, we can send data from a parent to child component.

:- child to parent:- 1. create a callback in the parent component which takes in the data needed.
                     2. pass this callback as a props to the child component
                     3. send data from the child component using the callback.

7. What are Pure Components?
:- React.PureComponent is exactly the same as React.component except that it handles the shouldComponentUpdate() method for you.

8. What is Controlled Components?
:- Controlled component is one that takes its current value through props and notifies changes through callbacks like onChange.
Callback is controlled by a parent component which manages its own state and passes the new values as props
to the controlled component.
you could also  call this a "dumb component".

8. What is uncontrolled Component?
:- Uncontrolled Component is the one that store its own state internally.
'ref' is used to query the DOM to find its current value when you need it.
You could also call this a 'Smart component'.

9. Differentiate Component and Container?
:- Component is a class or function component that describes the presentational part of your application.
The small and reusable pieces of code are called 'Components'.

:- Container is an informal term for a component that is connected to redux store.

10. What is State in React?
:- State is the brain of our application.
The state is a built-in react object that is used to contain data or information about the component.
The state in a component can change over time, and whenever it changes, the component gets re-rendered.

11. Should we update the state directly?
:-  If you try to update the state directly then it won't re-render the component.we must use setState
to ensure proper re-rendering of the components.

12. What are  Props?
:-  Props are short for properties.
Props provide a way to pass data from one component to another component.

13. Difference between State and Props:-
 :- Comparison                   State                           Props
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Mutability                  Is mutable                           are immutable
2. Use                    holds information about the                Allow to pass data from one
                            components .                             component to other.
3. child component        child components cannot access            child component can access


14. What is JSX?
:-  JSX stands for Javascript XML. It allows us to write HTML in react.
:- Browsers can't understand jSX.It is transpiled to regular javascript by tools like:-babel before given to browsers.
:- Without using JSX,we would have to create elememts using 'React.createElement'.

15. What are react features? or why react is so popular?
:- JSX:- JSX is a syntax extention to javascript.
   Virtual DOM:- a lightweight representation of the Real DOM in the memory.
   High performance:- React updates only those components that have changed rather than updating all the components 
   Components:- Component are the building block of any react application.
   SEO friendly:- It also allows server-side rendering,which boosts the SEO of an app.
   Huge ecosystem:- Freedom to choose the tools,libraries,and architecture for developing an app.

16. What are the limitations of react?
:- 


   